sioc:name string
meannot:publication string
meannot:published-at dateTime
mebase:request-token string
mevd:downloads-count nonNegativeInteger
meannot:tag-count nonNegativeInteger
mebase:email-confirmed-at dateTime
mecomp:service-name string
meexp:started-at dateTime
mebase:organisation string
mebase:count nonNegativeInteger
dcterms:modified dateTime
mebase:interests string
mebase:accepted-at dateTime
mebase:deleted-by-recipient boolean
dcterms:identifier string
mebase:field string
meexp:last-status string
mecomp:processor-type string
dcterms:description string
mecomp:service-category string
meannot:rating-score positiveInteger
mecomp:processor-value string
mebase:last-seen-at dateTime
mebase:country string
mebase:contact-details string
meexp:completed-at dateTime
skos:prefLabel string
mecomp:authority-name string
mevd:viewings-count nonNegativeInteger
mebase:occupation string
meexp:last-status-at dateTime
dcterms:type string
mebase:auto-accept boolean
mevd:user-agent string
mebase:version-number positiveInteger
meexp:job-manifest string
dcterms:title string
meannot:accessed-at dateTime
mebase:is-current-version boolean
mevd:downloaded nonNegativeInteger
meexp:submitted-at dateTime
mebase:filename string
mecomp:example-value string
foaf:based_near string
mebase:subject string
meannot:isbn string
meannot:issn string
mebase:username string
mebase:public-announcement boolean
dcterms:created dateTime
mecomp:processor-script string
meannot:authors string
mevd:viewed nonNegativeInteger
mebase:text string
mebase:receive-notifications boolean
mebase:read-at dateTime
mebase:deleted-by-sender boolean
mebase:activated-at dateTime
foaf:mbox_sha1sum string
foaf:name string
