mebase:accepted-at dateTime
mebase:last-seen-at dateTime
mebase:country string
mebase:field string
mebase:version-number positiveInteger
mebase:auto-accept boolean
mebase:subject string
mebase:email-confirmed-at dateTime
mebase:occupation string
mebase:organisation string
mebase:filename string
mebase:receive-notifications boolean
mebase:count nonNegativeInteger
mebase:text string
mebase:contact-details string
mebase:activated-at dateTime
mebase:public-announcement boolean
mebase:interests string
mebase:is-current-version boolean
mebase:read-at dateTime
mebase:username string
mebase:request-message string
mebase:content-data string
mebase:openid-url anyURI
mebase:request-token string
mebase:deleted-by-sender boolean
mebase:deleted-by-recipient boolean
mebase:content-url anyURI
mebase:uri anyURI
mebase:email anyURI
mebase:human-start-page anyURI
